OriginTrail is an open protocol developed by Trace Labs and powered by TRAC (a fully distributed, non-inflationary token with a supply of 500M which is used in every part of the ecosystem) that serves as a trusted Decentralized Knowledge Graph or data foundation in the AI era. While AI offers great potential, it also heightens the risk of misinformation. OriginTrail enhances information discoverability and verifies its source to combat this issue through chatDKG (an open-source framework promoting the adoption of trusted knowledge with AI).

A knowledge graph is a structured way of representing knowledge in a graph format. It connects data items (knowledge assets) in a structured and semantically meaningful way. Knowledge graphs are used by big tech giants like Google, Apple, and Amazon to derive value from user data. OriginTrail is building the world's first decentralized knowledge graph.

OriginTrail's DKG is a unique approach combining both Blockchain and Knowledge Graph technologies for data organization and validation. It allows for the creation of a new AI-ready commodity called Knowledge Assets, enabling trusted knowledge sharing and value creation.

The value of both an AI-ready and trusted knowledge sharing tool has quickly gained traction in the business sector. The DKG is currently being used and has gained recognition by big players such as BSI, Google, AstraZeneca, Walmart, Home Depot, and many more. The usage of the network can easily be verified at https://othub.io/.

Dr. Robert Metcalfe, one of OriginTrail’s advisors, explained the significance of this through Metcalfe’s Law. Metcalfe's Law states that the value of a network is proportional to the square of the number of its users. This growth is being seen now with a timeline of a million assets by October 2023 and a billion by 2025.

To learn more go to: https://tracdeepdive.otnoderunner.com/deepdive/   



Editable Link: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KvSUnqx9rKAus1rIrEJR7K0l7qdVy2XiyKXLN8ZE8bc/edit?usp=sharing
